Add new `ape-pie` client (#73)
maykinmedia/zgw-consumers: docs/testing.rst

Testing utilities
=================

.. note::

>    The ``zgw_consumers.test`` module requires some additionnal dependencies, that can be installed using ``pip install zgw_consumers[testutils]``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The ``zgw_consumers.test`` module requires some additional dependencies. The easiest way to get them is to
   install the `testutils` extra:
   
   .. code-block:: bash
   
       pip install zgw_consumers[testutils]
```

Using factories
---------------

> ZGW Consumers provide a ``ServiceFactory`` object under the ``zgw_consumers.test.factories`` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. automodule:: zgw_consumers.test.factories
   :members:
```

Let's just use autodoc to document all the available factories :)
